## JupyterLab Tabular Data Editor

### Manipulate your tabular data responsively and effectively within JupyterLab.

JupyterLab Tabular Data Editor provides an interface to edit your data side-by-side with Jupyter notebooks. It eliminates the frustration of fumbling between different apps just to rename a column or add a row. All you have to do is open these files to edit, move, and sort cells, rows, and columns. This extension unlocks these features for massive datasets locally and remotely. The release of JupyterLab Tabular Data Editor is the first step towards creating a native data table editing experience that can leverage any Jupyter supported language.
Up until now, data files were read-only in JupyterLab. That meant every time you wanted to fix a small error, you were burdened by the extra steps of using a separate program. In addition, navigating through a spreadsheet with hundreds of thousands of rows felt like slogging through quicksand. If you needed to work in a remote environment, multiple downloads and uploads were required just to get a simple data file updated.  On top of that, massive files were impossible to browse.
Today, you can edit data files within JupyterLab! With the advent of lazy loading, a process that saves time by only rendering the cells visible on the screen, navigate through trillions of cells smoothly while inserting, moving, filtering, sorting, and deleting portions of data. This extension alleviates complicated workflows and limited capabilities that plague data processing.
For work on your machine or in the cloud, JupyterLab Tabular Data Editor streamlines the editing process in JupyterLab. Within seconds, anyone can easily make changes to their data, manage massive datasets, and edit sensitive files in the cloud, without having to leave JupyterLab. Explore tabular data with this extension today!
