README.md, before:

# jupyterlab-tabular-data-editor

![Github Actions Status](https://github.com/jupytercalpoly/jupyterlab-tabular-data-editor.git/workflows/Build/badge.svg)

A tool for editing csv files natively in JupyterLab



## Requirements

* JupyterLab >= 2.0

## Install

```bash
jupyter labextension install jupyterlab-tabular-data-editor
```

## Contributing

### Install

The `jlpm` command is JupyterLab's pinned version of
[yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) that is installed with JupyterLab. You may use
`yarn` or `npm` in lieu of `jlpm` below.

```bash
# Clone the repo to your local environment
# Move to jupyterlab-tabular-data-editor directory

# Install dependencies
jlpm
# Build Typescript source
jlpm build
# Link your development version of the extension with JupyterLab
jupyter labextension install .
# Rebuild Typescript source after making changes
jlpm build
# Rebuild JupyterLab after making any changes
jupyter lab build
```

You can watch the source directory and run JupyterLab in watch mode to watch for changes in the extension's source and automatically rebuild the extension and application.

```bash
# Watch the source directory in another terminal tab
jlpm watch
# Run jupyterlab in watch mode in one terminal tab
jupyter lab --watch
```

Now every change will be built locally and bundled into JupyterLab. Be sure to refresh your browser page after saving file changes to reload the extension (note: you'll need to wait for webpack to finish, which can take 10s+ at times).

### Uninstall

```bash

jupyter labextension uninstall jupyterlab-tabular-data-editor
```

Commit message:

Reference to PROGRESS.md
Link won't work until merged into master

README.md, after:

# jupyterlab-tabular-data-editor

![Github Actions Status](https://github.com/jupytercalpoly/jupyterlab-tabular-data-editor.git/workflows/Build/badge.svg)

Manipulate your tabular data responsively and effectively within JupyterLab.

Check out our current progress and future plans in [`PROGRESS.md`](https://github.com/jupytercalpoly/jupyterlab-tabular-data-editor/blob/master/PROGRESS.md)

## Requirements

* JupyterLab >= 2.0

## Install

```bash
jupyter labextension install jupyterlab-tabular-data-editor
```

## Contributing

### Install

The `jlpm` command is JupyterLab's pinned version of
[yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) that is installed with JupyterLab. You may use
`yarn` or `npm` in lieu of `jlpm` below.

```bash
# Clone the repo to your local environment
# Move to jupyterlab-tabular-data-editor directory

# Install dependencies
jlpm
# Build Typescript source
jlpm build
# Link your development version of the extension with JupyterLab
jupyter labextension install .
# Rebuild Typescript source after making changes
jlpm build
# Rebuild JupyterLab after making any changes
jupyter lab build
```

You can watch the source directory and run JupyterLab in watch mode to watch for changes in the extension's source and automatically rebuild the extension and application.

```bash
# Watch the source directory in another terminal tab
jlpm watch
# Run jupyterlab in watch mode in one terminal tab
jupyter lab --watch
```

Now every change will be built locally and bundled into JupyterLab. Be sure to refresh your browser page after saving file changes to reload the extension (note: you'll need to wait for webpack to finish, which can take 10s+ at times).

### Uninstall

```bash

jupyter labextension uninstall jupyterlab-tabular-data-editor
```
